README.md, before:

<h1>API_Restfull-memory</h1>

A simple API RestFull, for Node & Express, with product's data in memory

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

STATUS: 
<h3 align="center">  
	 STATUS: 🔔  React VITE 🚀  App:   Finished ...  🎯 
</h3>

                            ==========================================

![Screentest](https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc/api-memory_product_node-express/blob/main/scrtest.png)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
## Table of Contents
- [Intro](#Intro)
- [Feature](#Feature)
- [Technologies](#Technologies)
- [How To Use](#How-To-Use)
- [Author](#Author)
- [License](#License)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# Intro <a name = "Intro"></a>

This project was developed:
- used Node & Express
- implemented tests in Thunder Cli.

The tests are attached in the png figure


# Feature <a name = "Feature"></a>
- POST GET PUT & DELETE
- the data array is manipulated in memory



&nbsp;
# Technologies <a name = "Technologies"></a>
-used Node.js, Express 

### Built With 

![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)

<!-- Consult technologies using the https://blog.escolaninjawp.com.br/qual-tecnologia-um-site-foi-feito/ website -->

<!-- Look for Badges shields in https://dev.to/envoy_/150-badges-for-github-pnk -->

 
&nbsp;

## Requirements
#### Node.js installed
#### Express generator
#### React framework


# How-To-Use <a name = "How-To-Use"></a>

To clone and run this application, you'll need Git, Node.js v20.03 or higher + npm (used version 9.6.7) installed on your computer from your command line:

```
&nbsp;
## Clone this repository
### $ `git clone https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc/mern_crud-app_vite_peoples_mongo.git`




&nbsp;
## Install project vite
### $ `npm create vite@latest`

&nbsp;
## choose name project, framework and variant
### $ `choose  (your project named)   vite-project `
### $ `(framework)       React`
### $ `(variant)         JavaScript`
```

### $ `Copy content project, was download of this Github repository, inside folder vite-project created before`


&nbsp;
## Run locally the app
### $ `cd folder-name-project)`
### $ `express - -no-view   - -git`
### $ `npm install`

## run the server
### $ `npm start`


#### Install the VSCode Thunder Client extension


<h5>
 Enjoyed and if this is useful to you, give me a star 🌟
</h5>



&nbsp;
# Author <a name = "Author"></a>

👤 **Almir**

- Github: [@Almir-git-hub](https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc)

Commit message:

fix(node): V01.00.003 - update readme file

README.md, after:

<h1>API_Restfull-memory</h1>

A simple API RestFull, for Node & Express, with product's data in memory

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

STATUS: 
<h3 align="center">  
	 STATUS: 🔔  React VITE 🚀  App:   Finished ...  🎯 
</h3>

                            ==========================================

![Screentest](https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc/api-memory_product_node-express/blob/main/scrtest.png)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
## Table of Contents
- [Intro](#Intro -)
- [Feature](#Feature -)
- [Technologies](#Technologies -)
- [How To Use](#How-To-Use -)
- [Author](#Author -)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# Intro <a name = "Intro"></a>

This project was developed:
- used Node & Express
- implemented tests in Thunder Cli.


&nbsp;
# Feature <a name = "Feature"></a>
- POST GET PUT & DELETE
- the data array is manipulated in memory



&nbsp;
# Technologies <a name = "Technologies"></a>
-used Node.js, Express 


### Built With 
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)

<!-- Consult technologies using the https://blog.escolaninjawp.com.br/qual-tecnologia-um-site-foi-feito/ website -->

<!-- Look for Badges shields in https://dev.to/envoy_/150-badges-for-github-pnk -->

 

&nbsp;
# How-To-Use <a name = "How-To-Use"></a>

## Requirements
#### Node.js installed
#### Express generator



To clone and run this application, you'll need Git, Node.js v20.03 or higher + npm (used version 9.6.7) installed on your computer from your command line:

```
&nbsp;
## Clone this repository
### $ `git clone https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc/api-memory_product_node-express.git`

```


&nbsp;
## Run locally the app
### $ `cd folder-name-project)`

### $ `npm install`

## run the server
### $ `npm start`

## run Run the project on a local server by typing 
### $ `http://localhost:3000/`

### In browser you will see only message 'Express - Welcome to Express'


### Install the VSCode Thunder Client extension to made tests
### The tests are shown in the attached png figure above in this readme file 


<h5>
 Enjoyed and if this is useful to you, give me a star 🌟
</h5>



&nbsp;
# Author <a name = "Author"></a>

👤 **Almir**

- Github: [@Almir-git-hub](https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc)
